hi guys welcome how to create a friendly
zombie and objects are you going to need
some
well as aam be a so what you're gonna do
I need to turn I'm I'm gonna try
something real quick so just give me a
bit I'm gonna try something I wanted to
see if I can get this to work but
doesn't look like I'm gonna be able to
do it so yeah
all right I just want to see if this
works all right it did work so just
destroy that so what I want to do is
today I'm going to show you how to make
a friendly zombie which I've already
mentioned crap I gotta go up to my house
sorry about this but I left my so I'm
just gonna create a little house just
like this so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna make it three high it's only two
right now make a little house or type
thing I guess you would say I'm going to
make it into a dome which is going to so
there is absolutely no sunlight heading
into the the little room itself
I do not know if this works I think it
only works with stone but just try it
with stone I don't know if it'll work
with obsidian so what you're gonna do is
you're going to place a whole crapload
of torches just fill the room with
torches do that for a second so it's
completely filled and then so what
you're going to do is grab your monster
eggs I mean your zombie egg I do not
know if this works with creepers I know
there's a creeper that's friendly but I
do not know if you can get this I think
the only way to get that creeper is a
mod so what you have to do is get
slapped - so I gotta go to my house
we'll click and drop my zombie
and I can't find them so what I'm going
to do is I'm gonna grab some eggs it has
to be on survival for this to work
to find a wood so I'm not to find a way
to get him into the with you
so what you have to do is you have to
wait at least two days on minecraft I'm
not sure 41 days but I hope you enjoyed
it and as always do pre brothers have a
nice day